In this demo,
I will show you how to use TLS on AWS ELB.
The first step before we can enable TLS
on our LS load balancer, is we need
to create an SSL certificate.
In AWS, we have the LS certificate manager.
And this certificate manager allows us
to create a new certificate that we then
can attach to our load balancer.
So this is the AWS Certificate Manager.
You need to make sure you are in the correct region.
I'm here in Ireland.
And then I'm going to provision a certificate.
So I'm going to click get started,
gonna request a public certificate,
and then I will use my domain name
that I'm hosting in route 53
because that's easier to then add the host name.
I'll call this one, helloworld.
And then my domain input is host, using route 53,
kubernetes.newtech.academy. I click next.
I will choose for DNS validation.
Choose this option if you have
or can obtain information to modify the DNS.
This is the easiest way.
You can also choose email validation,
but then you have to make sure
that your email addresses work.
So DNS is the easiest. I'm gonna click review.
Helloworld.kubernetes.newtech.academy. All correct.
Confirm and request. Pending validation.
I need to add these records first.
So this is the name, it's type CNAME, and this is the value.
And because I have kubernetes.newtech.academy host
on route 53, I can click this button,
create record in route 53.
You'll only see this button, if this host name
kubernetes.newtech.academy in my case, hosted on route 53.
I click this button and then I click create,
and it will create the records for me.
So if I have a look at services,
route 53, open it into a new tab.
The DNS record was written successfully
to your Route 53 hosted zone.
So let's go to my Route 53 host zones.
Kubernetes.newtech.academy.
And then here I have this CNAME that has been added.
If you don't have route 53,
you have to add this manually yourself.
So name, CNAME, and value.
This will take some time to validate.
And then after, maybe five to ten minutes,
maybe even 30, we get status issued.
This is the ARN. This is the ARN,
that you can then use in your ML file.
So this is a unique ID, that you need.
So let's create our load balancer.
In my kubernetes course, give the properties.
I have luxury, elb-tls. And here I have two files.
I have the helloworld yml file.
That just contains a deployment.
One that we used earlier already.
And then we have the helloworld service.
And here I'm going to use these annotations.
So the first change that I need to make
is this one, is the cert. I need to here paste my ARN
that points to the certificate I just created.
The backend protocol is http
because the communication between the load balancer
and my port is http. My helloworld to deployment
is not on https, so this still needs to be http.
The SSL port that I want to use,
this is the listener, of my load balancer is 443.
So port 80, will not use SSL.
So it's important to set this,
otherwise kubernetes will
just put SSL on every single listener.
I also enabled connection draining
and connection draining is 60 seconds.
So even though it gets deleted,
it will keep the connections
still live for another 60 seconds.
And I also add two tags. Environment equals dev
and app helloworld. These will be tags added in AWS.
Then I have two ports,
that will be added to the load balancer.
An http port on port 80, that will go to my deployment,
and an hps port on 443, that will also go to my deployment.
So it will connect to the nodejs port of my helloworld app.
So it's encrypted to the load balancer
and then TLS is terminated
and then it will go over plain tags
to my port, because then I am in my internal network.
I don't need SSL or TLS in my internal network.
So that's it. I save this. I do kubectl create
of helloworld.yml and of my helloworld-service.yml.
And this will then create a new service
that you can then get the host name off using -o wide.
And now that we have this host name,
we should also add the DNS name, hellowworld
kubernetes.newtech.academy, so that we can connect
on that host name rather than this one.
Let's do that first. So I'm going to go back to route 53.
Let's go to route 53. Hosted zones,
my kubernetes.newtech.academy,
and let's create a new record set.
It's going to be helloworld. It's going to be an alias.
You can also use CNAME but alias is easier
because this will just show us the ELB's that are available.
This is my ELB. I check that in another window.
Services, EC2, and here we have load balancers on the left.
So we only have one load balancer.
This is correct. Do create, and now we have
helloworld.kubernetes.newtech.academy
that points to our newly created load balancer.
So we now should be able to use this host name.
And then we should then go to this load balancer here.
Let's have a look at the configuration load balancer.
We have two instances. These are our nodes.
To mast a node is never used,
we only scale a port on the node itself.
They are in service, which means they are healthy.
And then let's have a look at the listeners.
You have two listeners, an http listener on port 80,
an https listener on 443, and this one uses our certificate.
And then we also have our tags.
There are some tags that are added by kubernetes
and we have the tag app equals helloworld
and then environment equals dev.
So those we added. So this should all be working.
Let's test it. Back to our terminal.
Kubectl get services -o wide shows us this host name.
Let's test the http connection first.
Replies Hello World. Let's try https.
And this works, but it says certificate subject name,
helloworld.kubernetes.newtech.academy,
does not match target host name.
And that's why we had to create this DNS name
helloworld.kubernetes.newtech.academy
because this needs to match because our certificate
needs to match before we can use this.
Curl of helloworld.kubernetes.newtech.academy
shows us no warning and shows Hello World.
Same if you do it over regular http.
So that's why you need this extra configuration.
We need to use a host name,
otherwise it will give us a warning.
You can also ignore the warning.
With curl that's minus k, and then it will still work.
In a normal browser, it will ask you
whether you want to proceed.
So this is how you can configure
and add TLS certificates on your load balancer
and then you can terminate encryption
on your load balancer, which is a great way
to manage your TLS and SSL certificates
because there is almost no management of this.
AWS will manage and renew your certificates.